Updated ingesters section (#1450)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/api_docs/_index.md

### Ingest

> Tempo distributor uses the OpenTelemetry receiver as a foundation to ingest trace data.

Reviewer: > receiver

Agree with the lowercase, but we really are using multiple "receivers" so I think it should remain plural. We are using the jaeger, zipkin, opencensus and otlp receivers.

Author: @joe-elliott Are the Jaeger, Zikpkin, OpenCensus, and OTLP receivers all part of the OpenTelemetry receiver(s)?

Author: Thank you. I will update the text to match.

|  Jaeger | GRPC | [Link](https://www.jaegertracing.io/docs/latest/apis/#span-reporting-apis) |
|  Zipkin | HTTP | [Link](https://zipkin.io/zipkin-api/) |

For information on how to use the Zipkin endpoint with curl (for debugging purposes) check [here](pushing-spans-with-http). 

### Query

> The following request is used to retrieve a trace from the query frontend service in 

Reviewer: Last I heard we wanted everything to be "monolithic mode". Although I preferred "single binary" myself.

Author: @joe-elliott Which term is the correct terminology to use? I'm happy to change it to monolithic mode and then be consistent with it.

Author: I will update it. Thank you.

> a microservices deployment or the Tempo endpoint in a single binary deployment.

Author: ```suggestion
a microservices deployment or the Tempo endpoint in a monolithic mode deployment.
```

- `start = (unix epoch seconds)`
  Optional.  Along with `end` define a time range from which traces should be returned. 
- `end = (unix epoch seconds)`

>   Optional.  Along with `start` define a time range from which traces should be returned. Providing both `start` and `end` will change the way that Tempo searches. If the parameters are not provided then Tempo will search the recent trace data stored in the \s. If the parameters are provided it will search the backend as well.

Author: ```suggestion
 Optional.  Along with `start`, define a time range from which traces should be returned. Providing both `start` and `end` will change the way that Tempo searches. 
 If the parameters are not provided, then Tempo will search the recent trace data stored in the ingesters. If the parameters are provided, it will search the backend as well.
```
